Create @DescriptionFile annotation to add larger texts into API reference (#2033)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: api/src/main/resources/descriptions/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.authentication.KafkaClientAuthenticationOAuth.adoc

To use OAuth client authentication, set the `type` property to the value `oauth`.

> OAuth authentication can be configured in several different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth authentication can be configured in several different ways.

* Client ID and secret
* Client ID and refresh token
* Access token
* TLS

```

.Client ID and secret

> You can configure the address of your OAuth server in the `tokenEndpointUri` property together with the OAuth client ID and client secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the address of your authorization server in the `tokenEndpointUri` property together with the client ID and client secret.
```

Reviewer: We use 'authorization server' in the main doc. And where we say OAuth, we say OAuth 2.0. I took out the OAuth from before the client ID as we only refer to 'Kafka client' in the main doc.

> The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and secret and get and access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and secret and get an access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.
```

> The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and secret and get and access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and secret and get an access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.
```

In the `clientSecret` property, specify a link to a `Secret` containing the client secret.

.An example of OAuth client authentication using client ID and client secret
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+]
----
authentication:
  type: oauth
  tokenEndpointUri: https://sso.myproject.svc:8443/auth/realms/internal/protocol/openid-connect/token
  clientId: my-client-id
  clientSecret:
    secretName: my-client-oauth-secret
    key: client-secret
----

.Client ID and refresh token

You can configure the address of your OAuth server in the `tokenEndpointUri` property together with the OAuth client ID and refresh token.

> The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and refresh token and get and access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and refresh token and get an access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.
```

> The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and refresh token and get and access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OAuth client will connect to the OAuth server, authenticate using the client ID and refresh token, and get an access token which it will use to authenticate with the Kafka broker.
```

In the `refreshToken` property, specify a link to a `Secret` containing the refresh token.

.An example of OAuth client authentication using client ID and refresh token
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+]
----
authentication:
  type: oauth
  tokenEndpointUri: https://sso.myproject.svc:8443/auth/realms/internal/protocol/openid-connect/token
  clientId: my-client-id
  refreshToken:
    secretName: my-refresh-token-secret
    key: refresh-token
----

.Access token

> You can configure the access token which should be used for authentication with the Kafka broker directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the access token used for authentication with the Kafka broker directly.
```

> In this casse it is not required to specify the `tokenEndpointUri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you do not specify the `tokenEndpointUri`.
```

> In the `accessToken` property, specify a link to a `Secret` containing the refresh token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `accessToken` property, specify a link to a `Secret` containing the access token.
```

.An example of OAuth client authentication using only an access token
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+]
----
authentication:
  type: oauth
  accessToken:
    secretName: my-access-token-secret
    key: access-token
----

.TLS

Accessing the OAuth server using the HTTPS protocol does not require any additional configuration as long as the TLS certificates used by it are signed by a trusted certification authority and its hostname is listed in the certificate.

> In case your OAuth server is using certificates which are self-signed or are signed by a certification authority which is not trusted, you can configure a list of trusted certificates in the custom resoruce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your OAuth server is using certificates which are self-signed or are signed by a certification authority which is not trusted, you can configure a list of trusted certificates in the custom resoruce.
```

The `tlsTrustedCertificates` property contains a list of secrets with key names under which the certificates are stored.
The certificates must be stored in X509 format.

.An example of TLS certificates provided
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+]
----
authentication:
  type: oauth
  tokenEndpointUri: https://sso.myproject.svc:8443/auth/realms/internal/protocol/openid-connect/token
  clientId: my-client-id
  refreshToken:
    secretName: my-refresh-token-secret
    key: refresh-token
  tlsTrustedCertificates:
    - secretName: oauth-server-ca
      certificate: tls.crt
----

> The OAuth client will by default validate that the hostname of your OAuth server matches either the certificate subject or one of the alternative DNS names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OAuth client will by default verify that the hostname of your OAuth server matches either the certificate subject or one of the alternative DNS names.
```

> If that is not the case, you can disable the hostname verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is not required, you can disable the hostname verification.
```
